Our team planned effectively and met 3 times a week to stay on task. We met after class Monday, Wednesday, and Friday to discuss our progress, assign tasks, and brainstorm ideas. We also had discord calls some of the days we did not have class to update eachother. We used discord for calls and messaging to stay productive and on taks. We used ZenHub to plan and Discord to communicate. 

We began by creating a plan for completing sprint. We first discussed changes that needed to be made to code from past sprints. This included minor issues, removing magic numbers and string literals, and classes that needed to be refactored. After determining what needed to be changed, we discussed how to implement multiplayer and other features we wanted to add. we had to add two inventories, two huds, two windows, two links, keyboard for link, and two link collision. For extra features we added a store, dropping items, and a background story. 

Once determing everything that had too be done, we assigned various tasks. We did this by going down the list and letting people pick what they wanted. We always have multiple people on bigger tasks to allow for collaboration. We had strong communication throughout the week. Messaging daily with updates on what we added and working as a team to trouble shoot issues. Once starting multiplayer, we came across a lot of bugs. As a group we all worked through these issues and reached out for help from the entire group for ideas and brainstorming. Overall, we worked well as a team. Everyone was always willing to help out with coding and provide helpful ideaas to fix issues or different ways of implementation. 

During the last week of this sprint, each member was assigned a few folders to review. We wanted to make sure all code was reviewed and refactored. Each member either made the fix or discussed with the author of the code what they feel could be changed. This made sure everything from the review would be addressed. 

One issue throughout was determiniing the difficulty of a task. Somethings we thouoght would be easy turned out to have a lot of bugs. Or things we thought would be really hard were not as bad.
